Minor fast transfers updates (#73)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: build/contract-integrations/fast-transfers/index.md

---
title: Get Started with Fast Transfers
description: Learn how to engage with the Fast Transfers protocol, from participating in its auction mechanism to exploring the smart contracts that power it.
---

## Get Started

This section will guide you through interacting with the Fast Transfers protocol, including engaging with its aggregated auction mechanism, where solvers compete to offer the best rates for cross-chain transactions, and exploring the smart contracts that power the protocol.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :octicons-arrow-switch-16:{ .lg .middle } **How to Be a Solver**

    ---

    Learn how to initiate and participate in cross-chain transfer auctions, submit and verify transactions, and settle auctions efficiently as a solver in the Fast Transfers protocol.

>     [:octicons-arrow-right-16: Learn how to be a solver](/build/contract-integrations/wormhole-relayers/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [:octicons-arrow-right-16: Learn how to be a solver](/build/contract-integrations/fast-transfers/how-to-solver/)
```

-   :octicons-file-code-16:{ .lg .middle } **Smart Contract Components**

    ---

    Take a look at the key components and processes behind the smart contracts that power the Fast Transfers protocol and how they facilitate efficient transfers across blockchain networks.

>     [:octicons-arrow-right-16: See the smart contract components](/build/contract-integrations/core-contracts/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [:octicons-arrow-right-16: See the smart contract components](/build/contract-integrations/fast-transfers/smart-components/)
```
